c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.staticwebassets.endpoints.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.exe
C:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.deps.json
C:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.pdb
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\scopedcss\bundle\APIOxxito.styles.css
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.build.endpoints.json
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.APIOxxito.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.APIOxxito.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssetEndpoints.props
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.APIOxxito.props
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.APIOxxito.props
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.APIOxxito.props
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\refint\APIOxxito.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.pdb
C:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\APIOxxito.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\obj\Debug\net9.0\ref\APIOxxito.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\BouncyCastle.Cryptography.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\ZstdSharp.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\comerr64.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\gssapi64.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\k5sprt64.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\krb5_64.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\krbcc64.dll
c:\Users\xxxsl\Desktop\TEC\Universidad\Sem4\P2\Construccion de software\Web\Entrega 1\APIOxxito\bin\Debug\net9.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
